On the mahogany table,
rewriting the letter over and over again
Tonight, as always,
my only ally is milk tea
How long have I been
thinking about that person?
Even the moon in the night sky
must have been watching me
Closing my eyes, biting my lips,
searching endlessly
For an exit hidden deep
within the fog of my heart
Whenever I have sleepless nights,
I always wonder why I love you so much
Your smile, your gestures,
your voice, and even your back
Dozens, no, hundreds of times,
I’ve imagined the same things
And so, until the night breaks
Yawning, I write my love letter
From the hem of the antique curtains
spills the sunrise
I wanted to confess, but I ran out of time
Surely, I could never love anyone else
Even the little birds nearby
chirp in agreement
Lying on a bed without a single wrinkle
With just the lingering warmth
of the wood stove, I feel happiness
When sleep finally comes, I’ll
unknowingly dream of my wishes fulfilled—
Strolling with arms linked,
down an avenue of trees on the weekend
Sitting on a bench somewhere
All the feelings I’ve kept hidden
until that day
I'll gently reveal them in a love letter
Anyone who falls in love loses sleep,
don’t they?
How many more long winters must pass?
Whenever I have sleepless nights,
I always wonder why I love you so much
Your smile, your gestures,
your voice, and even your back
Dozens, no, hundreds of times,
I’ve imagined the same things
And so, until the night breaks
Yawning, I write my love letter